Provide `cuda::static_for` (#4855)
NVIDIA/cccl: docs/libcudacxx/extended_api/utility/static_for.rst

.. _libcudacxx-extended-api-utility-static-for:

``static_for``
==============

> Defined in ``<cuda/utility>`` header.

Reviewer: Question: Do we want to expose this is a publicly supported API, when there is (likely) a better language construct in C++26, which replaces it? See [expansion statements](http://wg21.link/P1306) (in wording review for C++26)

I am not against adding it, just thinking loudly.

Reviewer 2: Given that we currently do not even support C++23 I would say that a library feature is a good idea

Reviewer: Works for me!

.. code:: cuda

    namespace cuda {

    template <auto Size, typename Operator, typename... TArgs>
    __host__ __device__

>     constexpr void static_for(Operator op, TArgs&&... args) noexcept

Reviewer 3: Do we really want a universal referene for the arguments? The arguments will be passed to `op` multiple times. When a R-value reference is passed, it will be forwarded to the first `op` call and all of the other instantiations will get a value that has been already moved from.

I believe it should be a `const TArgs&...` instead

Author: my mistake was related to `std::forward` (fixed by Michael). Using a universal reference should not be a problem.

    template <auto Start, decltype(Start) End, decltype(Start) Step = 1, typename Operator, typename... TArgs>
    __host__ __device__

>     constexpr void static_for(Operator op, TArgs&&... args) noexcept

Author: I like the idea of adding an overload

    template <auto Start, auto End, auto Step = 1, typename Operator, typename... TArgs>
    __host__ __device__
    constexpr void static_for(Operator op, TArgs&&... args) /* noexcept */

    template <typename T, T Size, typename Operator, typename... TArgs>
    __host__ __device__
    constexpr void static_for(Operator op, TArgs&&... args) /* noexcept */

    template <typename T, T Start, T End, T Step = 1, typename Operator, typename... TArgs>
    __host__ __device__
    constexpr void static_for(Operator op, TArgs&&... args) /* noexcept */

    } // namespace cuda

| The functionality provides a ``for`` loop with compile-time indices.
| ``static_for`` is available in two forms:

- Executes ``op`` for each value in the range ``[0, Size)``.
- Executes ``op`` for each value in the range ``[Start, End)`` with step ``Step``.

The function is ``noexcept`` if ``op`` is ``noexcept``.

**Parameters**

- ``Size``: the number of iterations.
- ``Start``, ``End``, ``Step``: the start, end, and step of the range. Note that ``End`` and ``Step`` are converted to the type of ``Start``.
- ``T``: type of the loop index.
- ``op``: the function to execute.

> - ``args``: optional arguments to pass to ``op``.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
- ``args``: additional arguments to pass to ``op``.
```

``op`` is a callable object that accepts an ``integral_constant`` of the same type of ``Size`` or ``Start``.

**Constrains**

> - ``Size`` must be greater than zero.

Reviewer 2: I believe the last iteration dropped that constraint?

**Performance considerations**

> - The functions are useful as metaprogramming utility and when a loop requires fully unrolling, independently of the compiler constrains, optimization level, and heuristics. In addition, the index is a compile-time constant, which be used in a constant expression and further optimize the code.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
- The functions are useful as metaprogramming utility and when a loop requires ful unrolling, independently of the compiler's constrains, optimization level, and heuristics. In addition, the index is a compile-time constant, which can be used in a constant expression and further optimize the code.
```

Reviewer 2: I believe there is a type in the suggestion ful -> full
